MGMT: Add user data to mgmt_handler (#61209)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.5.rst

  * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_GRP_IMG_ALLOW_ERASE_PENDING` that allows
    to erase slots pending for next boot, that are not revert slots.

>   * Added ``user_data`` as a field to :c:struct:`mgmt_handler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added ``user_data`` as an optional field to :c:struct:`mgmt_handler` when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUMGR_MGMT_HANDLER_USER_DATA` is enabled.
```

Author: Fixed
